What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite animal? List three adjectives to explain your choice
It's a hot muggy day. What would you choose to refresh your thirst and why?
If you could be one for just 24 hours, what cereal box cartoon character would you be? Why?
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend?
What is your favorite animal? List three adjectives to explain your choice.
What is your favorite color? List three adjectives to explain your choice.
It's a very hot and muggy day. You desperately want something very cool and refreshing to quench your thirst and revitalize your body. What would you drink -- either make your own or store-bought.
You discover that the person you're head-over-heels interested in loves a good homemade & handmade dessert. What will you concoct when you have this person over?
What do you consider to the most valuable thing you own: when you were a child/teenager/now?
What's the kindest act you have ever seen done (either to/by you or another)?
If you could have any job in the world, which one would you want?
What were your best/worst subjects in school and what subjects would you want to learn now?
What are you most talented at?
What is your worst nightmare today?
How often do you clean between your toes?
What is your favorite way to waste time at work without getting caught?
If you could have had the starring role in one film already made, which movie would you pick?
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?
You were just given a yacht. What would you name it?
If you could have been told one thing that you weren't told when you were a teenager, what would you like to have heard?
You've just been hired to a promotions position at Kellog Co. What would you put in a new breakfast cereal box as a gimmick?
Just like "Everybody Wang Chung tonight!", what action would your name be if it were a verb? Answer for others in your group -- not yourself.
Name your favorite song.
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it say or what would the graphic be?
If you could play any musical instrument, what would it be and why? If you already play an instrument(s), what do you play and why?
When trick-or-treating as a kid, was there any kind of candy that you didn't like to get?
Why do you live in the Northwest (or if you are from out of town what attracted you to Seattle)
What is your favorite memory of holidays past?
What is the most outrageous thing you've done?
If a movie was being made of your life and you could choose the actor/actress to play you, who would you choose and why?
Paper or plastic?
What was the weirdest food you've ever eaten?
What do you keep in the trunk of your car?
When you were in grade school, what did you want to be when you grew up? Why?
If you owned a CB radio what would your "handle" be?
If you were given 24 hrs to live, what would you do?
If you were in the "Miss America" talent competition, what would your talent be? (Note: both guys & gals have to answer this question)
What do you think the most ultimate gift of the world is.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What was your favorite TV show when you were growing up?
If you had one extra hour of free time a day, how would you use it?
What music is in your ipod or CD player right now?
Andy Warhol stated that everyone gets 15 minutes of fame. What happened during your 15 minutes?
Which is your favorite city and/or country you've traveled to?
Tell us one goal that you'd like to achieve this year?
What is the most amazing book you've read, and why?
If you could travel to any country, without restrictions or safety/security issues, where would you go and why?
Are you a dog person or a cat person? Or none?
How do you drink your coffee?
What is your favorite communication medium
Assuming you don't work at home, what is your favorite means of transportation to get to work?
If you had to pick a song which would be played every time you entered a room, what would it be?
If you could have a super power, what would it be?
If you could hear what someone was thinking for a day, who would you choose?
If you had to be trapped in a TV show for a month, which one would it be?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
If given the chance, who would like to be for a day?
Are you sociable or leave me the fuck alone type?
what would you do if the world was ending in 1 year?
what would you say if you could tell anyone anything?
what do you want to learn how to do?
What is your biggest regret?
What would you call your most significant achievement?
When in life have you felt most alone?
When have you felt most alive?
What is your favorite story about your parent?
What year would you like to do over?
What is your earliest memory?
Who is one of the people you most admire and why?
What book impacted you the most?
If you could pick a decade to visit on a time machine, what would it be?
Do you get along with your siblings?
Have you ever considered a different career?
What was your first boss like?
Who is the first person you go to when you need comfort?
What do you hope your descendants know about you?
What is your favorite quote?
What was the best year of your life?
Have you ever considered writing a book?
What’s your hidden talent?
What’s something most people don’t know about you?
What is the longest project you have ever worked on?
Tell me your most embarrassing work story.
What’s the best advice you’d give someone in their first job?
What is a non-negotiable in your daily routine?
Who is the first person you go to when you need comfort?
What do you hope your descendants know about you?
What sandwich best represents the layers of your life?
Has there been a movie that touched you so profoundly you cried?
What is your favorite quote?
What year would you like to do over?
What was the best year of your life?
What is your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What is the strangest hobby you’ve ever had?
Have you ever lost a relationship because of a hobby?
Who influenced your interest in your hobby?
Who is your favorite writer?
Have you ever considered writing a book?
If you could win a gold medal in any sport, what would it be?
Do you have any family members that are notable in their hobbies?
Did you ever collect stamps as a child?
Tell me about a significant moment you had on stage.
What are some of your unique talents?
Are you an artist, a singer, a comedian, or an athlete?
How far back can you trace your family history?
What’s your hidden talent?
What musical instrument do you play—or wish you did?
What tips would you give to someone learning to [hobby]?
Has there ever been a time you thought about quitting?
Have you ever been injured doing your hobby?
Who is the GOAT of [hobby], and what would you ask them if you had the opportunity?
What’s the funniest thing that’s happened while doing [hobby]?
Tell us about the last dream you can remember.
Do an impression of your favorite celebrity.
What is your favorite movie that you secretly know is actually terrible?
Share your worst habit.
Have you ever bribed or flirted with a police officer to get out of a ticket?
What is something you most look forward to doing when you retire?
What is one thing you are constantly losing?
What is the strangest thing you have ever bought?
Do you have a weird collection? If so, what?
Tell us about the last dream you can remember.
If you could do one thing you did when you were a child, what would it be?
Have you ever danced on a table when you were drunk?
Have you ever told someone you wouldn’t be home just so they wouldn’t come over to yours?
What is the one thing you dislike about yourself?
What is the one thing you really like about yourself?
What is the one thing you would stand in line for?
What is the nicest compliment you’ve ever received?
Have you ever lied on your resume to get a job?
If anyone in your family could win an award for being the most annoying, who would it be?
What was the most embarrassing thing that you ever did while on a date?
What was the worst gift you ever received?
What is the one thing you are the most afraid of?
What talent are you most proud of?
What was the one thing you could never learn how to do no matter how hard you tried?
What is something you find absolutely disgusting to the point you get sick?
Do you sing in the shower when you think no one is listening?
Do you clean your house before the housekeeper comes?
What reality TV show should you be on?
What part of your morning routine is the most important?
What actor would you most like to date?
What vegetable most resembles your state of mind?
What’s your biggest regret? 
How did your parents choose your name?
What teacher did you have a crush on?
What fad did you embrace while growing up?
Did you have any nicknames as a child?
Did you have to walk uphill both ways in the snow to get to school?
What was the dumbest thing you did to try to impress your crush?
Were you the last picked or the first picked in recess games?
What was the most rebellious thing you did as a child?
Did you ever try to eat a non-food item?
What did you wear when you were younger that mortifies you now?
Are you still friends with any of your grade school classmates?
What advice should you have taken from your parents?
What was your favorite cartoon?
Did you ever sleep with a doll or stuffed animal?
Did you and your siblings fight?
Who was the most influential public figure as a kid?
Were you a spender or a saver as a child?
What was the best thing you ever bought with your own money?
Did you have a special fort or hiding place?
What was the strangest thing you wanted to be when you grew up?
Tell me about the best field trip you ever took.
How long did you believe in Santa?
Was there a story or fairytale that scared you as a child?
What was your favorite song?
Where was your first kiss?
Did you have an unusual pet?
What was your favorite joke as a kid?
What tv show character did you want to be?
What dish on your family’s table did you most look forward to?
What was the first album you purchased?
Did you fear being abducted by aliens?
What was your least favorite food that you now enjoy? 
Did you ever take any great road trips?
What was the most meaningful experience you’ve had while traveling?
What was your best vacation?
Do you have a travel-related bucket list item?
Are you a member of the mile-high club?
Have you ever been carsick?
Have you been outside the country?
Do you speak another language fluently?
Do you prefer to have a detailed itinerary or see where your interests lead?
Do you like traveling with someone else or alone?
What’s your idea of the perfect vacation?
Where would you like to travel next?
Would you go bungee jumping?
Mountains or beach?
Have you ridden on a train?
Was there a movie or book that inspired one of your trips?
What is your favorite place to relax?
What’s the best place to hike?
What’s your favorite way to travel?
If you could, would you sign up for space travel?
Would you rather spend a year alone on a deserted island or in the most populated city on earth? 
Be a celebrity that is followed around 24/7 or stay under the radar for your whole life?
Be an ant or an elephant?
Win the lottery or a Nobel prize?
Surf the web or surf the waves?
Be the queen bee or the king of the herd?
Be comfortable for every day of the rest of your life or have one phenomenal day every year and struggle the rest of the time?
An Olympic gold medalist or an astronaut?
Speak all human languages or be able to talk to all animals?
Run at 100 miles per hour or fly at 10 miles per hour?
Give up your smartphone or your hearing?
Keep your looks or your mind?
Really tall or really short?
Be hairy or completely bald?
Have a personal chef or a personal assistant?
Know the future or change the past?
Trick-or-treat as a kid or as an adult with your kids?
Prefer to work out indoors or out?
If you could have any view from your office window, what would you choose?
Return to childhood or jump to retirement?
If you got to pick your name, what would it be?
If you were the ruler of the world, what problem would you solve first?
Be liked or respected?
If you could only eat one item for every meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Stay up all night or sleep all day?
See the world up close or from space?
Interview a politician or a celebrity?
Walk on the moon or fly?
Be a Disney character or a Marvel character?
What do you need right now?
What experience have you had where everything changed in the blink of an eye?
Which one is the biggest trigger for stress in your life?
What have you accomplished in the last year that you are proud of?
Why do you think some people are successful in life and others are not?
In what way are you strong?
What item do you own that is not worth much money but has great value for you?
How do you strive to be similar to, or different from, you parents?
What did you get in trouble for as a kid and how has that experience impacted you to this day?
What are you looking forward to this week?
If you had been able to choose, would you rather have been an only child or part of a very large family?
What color do you feel like today? 
If you were going to get a new tattoo, what would you get?
What traffic sign best reflects your life right now?
Which section in the bookstore are you most drawn to?
What celebrity would you like to have dinner with?
If you could instantly have one talent that you do not naturally have, what would it be?
What is your favorite game to play?
Big wedding or small wedding?
Batman or Superman?
If you had to give up one food forever, what would it be?
Bad breath or body odor?
Time machine or magic wand?
Talking pets or talking babies?
Would you rather cook a meal or clean up after a meal?
Big family or small family?
If you had to eat one meal everyday for the rest of your life what would it be?
Team building after work or team building on the weekend?
Calling or texting?
Board games or video games?
Tell me about a time when you changed your mind.
Bar or club?
Outer space or the bottom of the sea?
Bargain or top-shelf?
Toys or candy?
Dark question, but what song would you like to be played at your funeral?
Comedian in serious film or serious actor in comedy film?
Concert or play?
Train or airplane?
Concert or sports game?
No company or bad company?
Babies dressed as animals or animals dressed as humans?
Be embarrassed or be afraid?
Cookies or brownies?
NSYNC or Backstreet Boys?
Ninjas or pirates?
Camping or glamping?
Tattoos or piercings?
Car or bike?
Coffee date or cocktail date?
Cash or credit?
Day or night?
Clean as you cook or clean up at the end?
Call first thing in the morning or call in the middle of the night?
Toilet paper over or under?
Books or movies?
Brand name or generic?
Beach or pool?
Big company or small company?
Bad haircut or bad dye job?
Book smarts or street smarts?
Boxers or briefs?
What is the last book your read?
Where do you spend most of your day?
Mountains or ocean?
Not including deadlines, how do you motivate yourself to get stuff done?
They say “curiosity killed the cat” how much curiosity is healthy?
What is the most adventurous thing you have done?
Tell me something about yourself that I could never tell from looking at you.
Letter or emails?
What was the worst job you ever had?
If you did not have to sleep, how would you spend the extra 8 hours?
Who was your role model as a kid and why?
What is the best thing you have bought so far this year?
Is life just a game?
What's your guilty pleasure when you have free time during the week?
How would you describe your communication style in 3 words?
What drives you crazy (about a friend, colleague, or family member)? How do you deal with it?
What is your favorite decade and why?
What is your favorite baked good?
What’s one frequently used word that you can’t stand?
Name three things you and your partner have in common.
What is one thing you want to improve about yourself?
Complete the sentence “I wish everyone could…”
What is your earliest childhood memory? If it’s something "mundane," why do you think it stuck in your memory? If it’s something unusual/unique, what do you remember most vividly about it?
Tell us one big problem you’ve had to solve this year?
Netflix or Hulu?
Night out or night in?
Night or morning?
What is your favorite classic Disney movie?
What is the worst thing your mother-in-law ever did to/for you?
What is something you have not told many people?
What is your favorite book as an adult?
Money or love?
Which best describes you? An introvert or an extrovert?
What is a boring fact about yourself?
Text or phone call?
Introvert or extrovert?
What is your pet peeve in traffic?
What is your best breakfast at home?
Leader or follower?
Was there ever a food you didn’t want to eat, but you loved it once you tried it?
How old is the oldest pair of shoes in your closet?
Loud or quiet?
Besides insects and spiders, what animals annoy you the most?
Tell me about something you love doing that you’re terrible at. And tell me about something you really do not like doing that you’re great at.
Smartest person in the world or richest person in the world?
Misunderstood after death or forgotten after death?
Test the waters or dive in the deep end?
If you could have any unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would you pick?
What brands do you love/hate the most?
Misquoted movies or mistaken lyrics?
How would you describe your job to a bunch of kindergarteners?
What was the last thing to pleasantly surprise you?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
What would we most likely find you doing on the weekend?
What is the worst advice you’ve ever given?
What is your favorite question to ask a stranger?
If you could live in any country, where would you live?
What’s one thing you’re learning now, and why is it important?
If you could live in another historical period, would you? If so, which one?
What is your favorite app?
Who has influenced you most when it comes to how you approach your work?
What’s your most used emoji?
Would you rather be raised by wolfs until the age of 18 or thrown into a pack of coyotes at age 35?
What is a supposedly fun thing that you did — that you’ll never do again?
What are we really looking for?
What are your favorite pizza toppings?
What takes a lot of time but is totally worth it?
What smell do you hate that doesn’t seem to bother other people?
Sun or moon?
Puppies or kittens?
Pizza or Chinese food?
Have you ever been a member of a sorority or fraternity?
Have you ever been on a college sports team?
Would you rather eat candy every day for a month or have no candy for a month?
Have you ever installed a doughboy pool?
Store-bought or homemade?
Would you rather be scared or make someone else scared?
Play or standup show?
What are you excited to do after work today?
Would you rather fart or burp glitter?
Predictability or excitement?
Would you rather earn more money and be busier or earn less money and have more time to yourself?
Summer or spring?
Would you rather go trick or treating or go out on a date?
Logic or emotion?
Red wine or white wine?
Photos or videos?
What shoes would you dig through your trunk, find, and never take off?
What sport would you compete in if you were in the Olympics?
What stresses you out?
What songs would be played on a loop in hell?
Would you rather go trick or treating or stay home and watch a scary movie?
Sweating or shivering?
Would you rather eat candy apple or candy corn?
Have you ever dialed a phone number and forgot who you called?
What random stranger from your life do you think about or (even talk about) regularly?
What question do you wish people would ask you?
What are you into now that you never thought you would be into? And conversely, What’s something you used to be into that you’re not anymore?
What sort of physical exercise do you enjoy?
Pick your favorite decade. Tell us why.
Would you rather eat candy corn or marshmallows?
Private office or reserved parking spot?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
What are your favorite books to read right now?
What part of elementary school do you wish you could incorporate into your adult life? (i.e. naptime)
Would you rather give out candy or take candy?
Plans or surprises?
Pizza or tacos?
Protagonist or sidekick?
What are some of your favorite games to play?
Would you rather always be cold or always be hot?
How would you deal with the hurt of betrayal?
Regret or doubt?
Pineapple pizza or candy corn?
What slang are you really happy went out of fashion?
Swimming or building sand castles?
Pizza party or pool party?
Would you rather get married in your early twenties or late thirties?
Take a friend on your family vacation or join a friend on their family vacation?
Poor and happy or rich and miserable?
Would you rather be invisible or be able to read minds?
What animal is your favorite pet? And do you have any pet?
Sweet or sour?
Rekindled friendship or rekindled romance?
Startup or established business?
What show on Netflix did you binge watch embarrassingly fast?
Planning or winging it?
Have you seen your favorite musician in person?
Ice cream or cake?
Physical work or mental work?
Raise or bonus?
Start work late or leave work early?
What places would you like to revisit?
Rich and famous or rich and unknown?
Would you rather eat healthier or exercise regularly?
What are your favorite social media accounts to follow?
Lions or tigers?
Success or happiness?
